<div>

<p><span>OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a</span></p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast,
        Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>1. Definitions: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open
        Game Content; (b)"Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations
        (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade,
        improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or
        adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit
        or otherwise distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures,
        processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement
        over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and
        means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but
        specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and
        identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic
        elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses,
        concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions
        of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places,
        locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols,
        or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by
        the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means
        the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products
        or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using"
        means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open
        Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the
        Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open
        Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the
        License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this
        License.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this
        License.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant
        You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use,
        the Open Game Content.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game
        Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights
        to grant the rights conveyed by this License.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include
        the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying or distributing,
        and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of
        any original Open Game Content you Distribute.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as
        to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each
        element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any
        Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly
        licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark.
        The use of any Product Identity in Open </span>
        <span>Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any
            Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that
            Product Identity.
        </span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the
        work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License.
        You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content
        originally distributed under any version of this License.
    </span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content
        You Distribute.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name
        of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License
        with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation
        then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein
        and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive
        the termination of this License.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be
        reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.</span>
</p>

<p> </p>

<p><span>15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE<br/>Open Game License v 1.0 Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.</span>
</p>

<p><span>System Reference Document</span>. Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors
    Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Reference Document.</span> © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Author: Paizo Publishing, LLC.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook</span>. © 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Author: Jason Bulmahn, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary</span>. © 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author:
    Jason Bulmahn, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary 2</span>. © 2010, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Authors
    Wolfgang Baur, Jason Bulmahn, Adam Daigle, Graeme Davis, Crystal Frasier, Joshua J. Frost, Tim Hitchcock,
    Brandon Hodge, James Jacobs, Steve Kenson, Hal MacLean, Martin Mason, Rob McCreary, Erik Mona, Jason Nelson,
    Patrick Renie, Sean K Reynolds, F. Wesley Schneider, Owen K.C. Stephens, James L. Sutter, Russ Taylor, and Greg
    A. Vaughan, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary 3</span>. © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Authors: Jesse Benner, Jason Bulmahn, Adam Daigle, James Jacobs, Michael Kenway, Rob McCreary, Patrick Renie,
    Chris Sims, F. Wesley Schneider, James L. Sutter, and Russ Taylor, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte
    Cook, and Skip Williams.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game GameMastery Guide</span>. © 2010, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Author: Cam Banks, Wolfgang Buar, Jason Bulmahn, Jim Butler, Eric Cagle, Graeme Davis, Adam Daigle, Joshua J.
    Frost, James Jacobs, Kenneth Hite, Steven Kenson, Robin Laws, Tito Leati, Rob McCreary, Hal Maclean, Colin
    McComb, Jason Nelson, David Noonan, Richard Pett, Rich Redman, Sean K reynolds, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber
    Scorr, Doug Seacat, Mike Selinker, Lisa Stevens, James L. Sutter, Russ Taylor, Penny Williams, Skip Williams,
    Teeuwynn Woodruff.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Advanced Player's Guide</span>. © 2010, Paizo Publishing,
    LLC; Author: Jason Bulmahn</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Advanced Race Guide</span>. © 2012, Paizo Publishing,
    LLC; Authors: Dennis Baker, Jesse Benner, Benjamin Bruck, Jason Bulmahn, Adam Daigle, Jim Groves, Tim Hitchcock,
    Hal MacLean, Jason Nelson, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Owen K.C. Stephens, Todd Stewart, and Russ Taylor.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game NPC Codex</span>. © 2012, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Authors:
    Jesse Benner, Jason Bulmahn, Adam Daigle, Alex Greenshields, Rob McCreary, Mark Moreland, Jason Nelson, Stephen
    Radney-MacFarland, Patrick Renie, Sean K Reynolds, and Russ Taylor.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Magic</span>. © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Authors: Jason Bulmahn, Tim Hitchcock, Colin McComb, Rob McCreary, Jason Nelson, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Sean
    K Reynolds, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Russ Taylor.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Campaign</span>. © 2013, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Authors: Jesse Benner, Benjamin Bruck, Jason Bulmahn, Ryan Costello, Adam Daigle, Matt Goetz, Tim Hitchcock,
    James Jacobs, Ryan Macklin, Colin McComb, Jason Nelson, Richard Pett, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Patrick Renie,
    Sean K Reynolds, F. Wesley Schneider, James L. Sutter, Russ Taylor, and Stephen Townshend.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Combat</span>. © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Authors: Dennis Baker, Jesse Benner, Benjamin Bruck, Jason Bulmahn, Brian J. Cortijo, Jim Groves, Tim Hitchcock,
    Richard A. Hunt, Colin McComb, Jason Nelson, Tom Phillips, Patrick Renie, Sean K Reynolds, and Russ Taylor.</p>

<p><span>Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Equipment</span>. © 2012 Paizo Publishing, LLC;
    Authors: Dennis Baker, Jesse Benner, Benjamin Bruck, Ross Byers, Brian J. Cortijo, Ryan Costello, Mike Ferguson,
    Matt Goetz, Jim Groves, Tracy Hurley, Matt James, Jonathan H. Keith, Michael Kenway, Hal MacLean, Jason Nelson,
    Tork Shaw, Owen KC Stephens, and Russ Taylor.</p>

<p><span>Anger of Angels</span>. © 2003, Sean K Reynolds.</p>

<p><span>Book of Fiends</span>. © 2003, Green Ronin Publishing; Authors: Aaron Loeb, Erik
    Mona, Chris Pramas, Robert J. Schwalb.</p>

<p><span>The Book of Hallowed Might</span>. © 2002, Monte J. Cook.</p>

<p><span>Monte Cook's Arcana Unearthed</span>. © 2003, Monte J. Cook.</p>

<p><span>Path of the Magi</span>. © 2002 Citizen Games/Troll Lord Games; Authors: Mike
    McArtor, W. Jason Peck, Jeff Quick, and Sean K Reynolds.</p>

<p><span>Skreyn's Register: The Bonds of Magic</span>. © 2002, Sean K Reynolds.</p>

<p><span>The Book of Experimental Might</span>. © 2008, Monte J. Cook. All rights reserved.
</p>

<p><span>Tome of Horrors</span>. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene, with
    Clark Peterson, Erica Balsley, Kevin Baase, Casey Christofferson, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Patrick
    Lawinger, and Bill Webb; Based on original content from TSR.</p>

<p><span>Kobold Quarterly Issue 7</span>, © 2008, Open Design LLC, www.koboldquarterly.com;
    Authors: John Baichtal, Wolfgang Baur, Ross Byers, Matthew Cicci, John Flemming, Jeremy Jones, Derek Kagemann,
    Phillip Larwood, Richard Pett, and Stan!</p>

<p>The Tome of Horrors III, © 2005, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene.</p>

<p>Adherer from the <span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.;
    Authors Scott Greene and Clark Peterson, based on original material by Guy Shearer.</p>

<p>Amphisbaena from the <span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002, Necromancer Games,
    Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Angel, Monadic Deva from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Angel, Movanic Deva from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Animal Lord from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games,Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Ascomid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Atomie from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Aurumvorax from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Axe Beak from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Baphomet from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors Complete</span> © 2011,
    Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original
    material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Bat, Mobat from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors Scott Peterson and Clark Peterson, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
</p>

<p><span>Beetle, Slicer from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Blindheim from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.</p>

<p><span>Basidirond from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Brownie from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Bunyip from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Dermot Jackson.</p>

<p><span>Carbuncle from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors Scott Greene, based on original material by Albie Fiore.</p>

<p><span>Caryatid Column from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Jean Wells.</p>

<p><span>Cave Fisher from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Lawrence Schick.</p>

<p><span>Crypt Thing from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.</p>

<p><span>Crystal Ooze from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Daemon, Ceustodaemon (Guardian Daemon) from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Daemon, Derghodaemon from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Daemon, Hydrodaemon from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Daemon, Piscodaemon from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Dark Creeper from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Rik Shepard.</p>

<p><span>Dark Stalker from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Muth.</p>

<p><span>Death Worm from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene and Erica Balsley.</p>

<p><span>Decapus from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Jean Wells.</p>

<p><span>Demodand, Shaggy from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Demodand, Slimy from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Demodand, Tarry from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Demon, Nabasu from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Dire Corby from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Jeff Wyndham.</p>

<p><span>Disenchanter from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.</p>

<p><span>Dragon, Faerie from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Brian Jaeger and Gary Gygax.
</p>

<p><span>Dragon Horse from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Dracolisk from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Dust Digger from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Flail Snail from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Tilbrook.</p>

<p><span>Flumph from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Ian McDowell and Douglas Naismith.
</p>

<p><span>Froghemoth from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Foo Creature from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Forlarren from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Ian Livingstone.</p>

<p><span>Genie, Marid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors Complete</span> © 2011,
    Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original
    material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Giant Slug from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Giant, Wood from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Wizards of the Coast.</p>

<p><span>Gloomwing from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Grippli from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors Complete</span> © 2011,
    Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original
    material by Gary Gygax. <span>Nereid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors Complete</span> ©
    2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on
    original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Gryph from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Peter Brown.</p>

<p><span>Hangman Tree from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Hippocampus from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene and Erica Balsley, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Huecuva from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Underworld Oracle.</p>

<p><span>Ice Golem from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene.</p>

<p><span>Iron Cobra from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Philip Masters.</p>

<p><span>Jackalwere from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Jubilex from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Kamadan from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Nick Louth.</p>

<p><span>Kech from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Kelpie from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Lawrence Schick.</p>

<p><span>Korred from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Leprechaun from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Magma ooze from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene.</p>

<p><span>Marid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors III</span>, © 2005,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene.</p>

<p><span>Mihstu from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Mite from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002, Necromancer
    Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Ian Livingstone and Mark Barnes.</p>

<p><span>Mongrelman from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Nabasu Demon from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Necrophidius from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Tillbrook.</p>

<p><span>Nereid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Pech from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Phycomid from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Poltergeist from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Lewis Pulsipher.</p>

<p><span>Quickling from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Quickwood from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Rot Grub from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002, Necromancer
    Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene and Clark Peterson, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Russet Mold from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Sandman from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.</p>

<p><span>Scarecrow from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.</p>

<p><span>Shadow Demon from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Neville White.</p>

<p><span>Skulk from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Muth.</p>

<p><span>Slime Mold from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Slithering Tracker from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>,
    © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Soul Eater from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by David Cook.</p>

<p><span>Spriggan from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene and Erica Balsley, based on original material by Roger Moore and
    Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Tenebrous Worm from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Tentamort from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised, © 2002</span>,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Mike Roberts.</p>

<p><span>Tick, Giant &amp; Dragon from the </span><span
        >Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on
    original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Troll, Ice from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Russell Cole.</p>

<p><span>Troll, Rock from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene.</p>

<p><span>Vegepygmy from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Wolf-In-Sheep's-Clothing from the </span><span
        >Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on
    original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Wood Golem from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors Scott Greene and Patrick Lawinger.</p>

<p><span>Yellow Musk Creeper from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Albie Fiore.</p>

<p><span>Yellow Musk Zombie from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002,
    Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Albie Fiore.</p>

<p><span>Yeti from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors</span>, © 2002, Necromancer
    Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>

<p><span>Zombie, Juju from the </span><span>Tome of Horrors, Revised</span>, ©
    2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.</p>
</div>
